[ÄMNE: D-Dagen 2021 application of interest]

Hello,

My name is [FÖRNAMN EFTERNAMN] and I am contacting you regarding D-Dagen, the annual career fair organized by our Computer Science chapter at KTH Royal Institute of Technology. Your company is of great interest for our students and your participation would be very appreciated. Therefore, I would like to inform you that this year's application to participate is now open. 

Do you want to meet with some of Sweden’s sharpest computer science students? Perhaps you have thesis projects, trainee programs or similar you want to communicate! To be a part of D-Dagen is a great opportunity to meet and connect with students. Last year we arranged our first digital fair with 945 visitors, and the year before that we hit a new record with over 2000 visitors. D-Dagen is now the largest IT-career fair in the Nordics and together with you we aim to make D-Dagen 2021 even better!

D-Dagen is planned to take place on October 7th, physically in Nymble which is the student union house at KTH Royal Institute of Technology. And if the conditions allow it the day is finished by the traditional banquet and pub, where companies and the students get another opportunity to mingle and continue the conversations.


APPLICATION OF INTEREST
Apply to D-Dagen 2021 by filling out the following form:
https://ddagen.se/2021. Since there is a limited amount of vacant slots available it is important to fill in the application of interest as soon as possible. 

Please be aware that this is not a legally binding application. Before the 10th of June I will get in touch with the companies that have submitted the application. 


REGARDING COVID-19
As of now, we will have the fair according to schedule but are considering the development of the situation and recommendations by the Swedish National Government. The health of our participants and visitors is our most important priority.


More information regarding D-Dagen and the application process is available on https://ddagen.se/companies?language=en. If you should have any questions please do not hesitate to contact me.

We are looking forward to seeing you this autumn!

Best Regards,
